Pre publish PR for new version of checkout-ui-extensions (#520)
Shopify/ui-extensions: packages/checkout-ui-extensions/src/components/Text/README.md

| Name | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| size? | <code>"extraSmall" &#124; "small" &#124; "base" &#124; "large" &#124; "extraLarge" &#124; "medium"</code> | Size of the text |

> | emphasis? | <code>"italic" &#124; "bold"</code> | Use to emphasize a word or a group of words compared to other nearby text.<br /><br /><code>"italic"</code>: Set the text in italic. Combine with an accessibilyRole of 'offset' or 'stress' to add more meaning to the text.<br /><br /><code>"bold"</code>: Set the text in bold. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| emphasis? | <code>"italic" &#124; "bold"</code> | Use to emphasize a word or a group of words compared to other nearby text.<br /><br /><code>"italic"</code>: Set the text in italic. Combine with an “accessibilyRole“ of “offset“ or “stress“ to add more meaning to the text.<br /><br /><code>"bold"</code>: Set the text in bold. Combine with an “accessibilyRole“ of “strong“ to add more meaning to the text. |
```

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't we wrap accessibilyRole, offset and stress in backticks (`) to make them render like code?
